Cookie initialy baked by NetworkToCode Cookie Drift Manager Tool (#240)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-device-lifecycle-mgmt: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md

<!--

>     Thank you for your interest in contributing to Nautobot! Please note

Reviewer: This should probably be changed.

```suggestion
    Thank you for your interest in contributing to Device Lifecycle Management! Please note
```

    that our contribution policy recommends that a feature request or bug
    report be opened for approval prior to filing a pull request. This
    helps avoid wasting time and effort on something that we might not
    be able to accept.

    Please indicate the relevant feature request or bug report below.
-->

# Closes: #<ISSUE NUMBER GOES HERE>

## What's Changed

<!--
    Please include:
    - A summary of the proposed changes
    - A sectioned breakdown for larger features under ## subheadings
    - Screenshots, example payloads where relevant:
      - Before/After for bugfixes
      - Using a new feature
-->

## To Do

<!--
    Please feel free to update todos to keep track of your own notes for WIP PRs.
-->
- [ ] Explanation of Change(s)

> - [ ] Added change log fragment(s) (for more information see [the documentation](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/core/en/stable/development/#creating-changelog-fragments))

Reviewer: Url has changed

```suggestion
- [ ] Added change log fragment(s) (for more information see [the documentation](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/core/en/stable/development/core/#creating-changelog-fragments))
```
